Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
On television, idols or entertainers are often seen working a whole day as a police chief...
...To appeal to driving safety, right?
Man...
It seems fun!
I’d like to try it too
Ah, but if I work as a police chief for a day...
...By being so adorable, a lot of people will come to see me...
...And end up causing a traffic jam!!
I’m just joking ♪
It's because of that, that in this occasion...
To know if I’m apt to be a police chief...
...I plan to show you with my high-speed processing that I can guess the meanings of traffic signs
I’m sure that with this, I’ll receive an offer!
I’ll receive an offer, right?
In that case, let's start at once!
A.I.Channel! Transmission!
Mmm... this is...
Precaution: Farm ruins!
[ Precaution: Falling Cows ]
Cows!? In that case, draw a cow!!
Ah! This I already know!
Here you can play Pokemon Go!
[ Precaution: Pokemon Go ]
"Precaution"?
If it's a warning, it needs to be striked out, striked out
This is... well...
Don’t do too many laps!!
[ Roundabout ]
Roundabout? What's a roundabout?
Beware the perverts!!
Ah! I wasn’t that far off, right?
[ Precaution: Person that exposes naked ]
"Person that exposes naked", is very specific, right?
Dead End
Your life has ended
[ Alley without exit ]
I messed up 🤣
Ah! Precaution: Pickpocket!
Wallet!
[ Precaution: Kids ]
It's a kid?
What kind of pose is that?
[ Precaution: Kids ]
Eeeh?
Shop... where cars are... shared
[ Overtaking Prohibited ]
I have no idea!!
Mmm...
Precaution: Fence?
[ Level Crossing with Barrier ]
I don’t knoooow...
Ah, this is... Inclined?
Precaution: Inclined Road?
Ooohhh!
Right on the mark!!
Eh? This... what is it?
The bridge that rises... since boats pass under it...
[ Precaution: Rising bridge ]
You see!!
I hit it!
[ Precaution: Rising bridge ]
Eh? What is this?
Well...
I got it! I got it! Well...
You’re driving, right?
Good, here you have a question!!
It’s a kind of optical illusion in which you ask the driver which of the two arrows is bigger
[ Sudden Refraction ]
Well, I messed up
Eh?
Ah, I got it!
Be careful when the sun goes down at sunset as it all gets very bright and you can’t see well!
AH!?
"Vehicle loaded with polluting substances..."
[ Vehicle loaded with polluting substances, prohibited the passage of rolling materials ]
Aaahh, ok, ok
Ah! This I know!
You can’t ask for a lift
[ Prohibited to ask for a lift ]
You see?
Eh?
Some eyes!!
Those are some eyes...
[ Change to low beam ]
What's low beam?
What is this!?
Ah! I got it!
Starting from here...
...There’s a precipice
[ Starting from here, road without pavement ]
😫
Man!
(Kanji reading)
Eel!!
(They’re similar kanji: man 慢 y eel 鰻 / Possibly this signal is from Taiwan and therefore doesn’t understand it)
Precaution: Electric eels!!
[ Advance slowly ]
Advance slowly
And why don’t they write the word? After all, it only has two syllables
Mmm.... Precaution: Drunkards?
[ Precaution: Drunkard Crossing ]
Ooohhhh!
A.I.Channeeeeeeeel!
That is all!
Man, the first thing I want to say is...
...There’s a lot of difficult signs to understand
Don’t you think they should remake them...?
...Taking into account that they’re signs that work to show something?
Well...
...My explanations...
...Were a lot more fun...
...And were words that had an appropriate meaning, so then...
...Please use my definitions, I’m counting on you guys!!
Man, it's a good job, definitively...
...Signs are important, right?
What do you think if they assign me as chief to fix these signs to something more appropriate?
What do you think, Mr. Policemen?
I’ll be waiting for your offer!
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you later!
Translated by Vortex